Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/plugin-fundamentals/add-plugin-configuration.md

## Create your plugin configuration

::: info

> This video is part of the free Shopware Academy online training ["Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/plugin-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Academy learning content on defining plugin configuration with `config.xml`, see the **[Plugin Configuration](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/plugin-configuration)** in the free **Shopware Backend Development Essentials** learning path.
```
